>> Estelle Weyl: Let's go on to the next,
which is Generated Content.
The URL for this is
estelle.gethub.iu/cssmastery/generated for
generated content.
So, let's revisit that generated content,
we already saw this slide,
where it says before and after.
So it's basically like putting
that pseudo-element before and
that pseudo-element after.
And right here is where
you could style them.
So you could do anything you wanted to,
realizing that right now it is part
of the text of the paragraph.
It says, if it was in the paragraph
you can't select it and
it's not part of the dom, but
if you style the paragraph the before and
after one will inherit all of it.
If you want to do things
like transform it,
let's see what we can do with transform.
Let's go on to the next one and
let's do Dogs are cuter.
Now you know where I stand.
Let's try transform.
>> Estelle Weyl: Rotate,
45 degrees, so you saw that
it did not rotate.
>> Estelle Weyl: If I did
position absolute, then it would rotate.
We're gonna learn about that later on.
But basically, you can't rotate
something that's statically positioned.
In line element that's
statically positioned.
Okay, so pseudo elements.
What most people think is when it says
before that it comes before the p and
when it says after it comes after the p or
whatever element it's in.
It's actually the p would be that
red thing in the background.
And that content would include
the before the content and
the after all together in the foreground.
It's as if it was all together.
But there's basically a faux
span around the beginning and
the end that you can style.
The only part, the only attribute that
is required is the content attribute.
You can have a value of an empty string,
and
that means it will create
content that you can then style,
even though it's empty, but
it is there, and you can style it.
There's also the word none, so if you have
content and you don't want it to show up,
right, you don't wanna have content,
you just put none.
Because putting the empty quotes
means it's still styleable.
So the values you can put in there
are none, normal, a string, an image,
a counter, open and closed quotes,
no open/no closed quotes and attribute.